# Matrix3 Utilities

These programs *may* prove helpful to you in completing this assignment,
but are provided to you with absolutely no warranty or promise that they
will even compile with your development environment.

Caveat scriptor (let the programmer beware)!

Consider these programs in the public domain. You may use then for any
purpose without attribution.

## Makefile

By default when using this Makefile, ``make`` will attempt to build all of
the executable programs below as well as your own read_add_save program. 

However, you can also specify what to build, for example, ``make read_add_save``
or ``make simple_matrix3_test``. Don't forget to use your Tab key for completion
of program names!

As usual, ``make clean`` will delete all .o object files and all executables
listed below.

## matrix_generator

This program generates a 3x3 matrix with values between MIN and MAX
(constants defined in the source file). You can create Matrix3 files
using for example: ``./matrix_generator > filename.m3`` 

## simple_matrix3_test

This tests only the constructors and the get method, to help you test
early in your development. It uses functions to replace overloaded operators.

## test_matrix3

This is a reasonably full regression test that prints nothing on a pass
and error messages on a fail.

Note that it will generate false errors if your streaming out operator doesn't
generate the exact same string as the suggested solution, even though you are
NOT required to do so. It prints both expected and actual values, which should
tell you at a quick glance if the failure is true or misleading.

## interactive_matrix3

This reads two 3x3 matrices from the console (using the overloaded >> operator)
and prints (using the overloaded << operator) the sum (using the overloaded +
operator).

## addend#.m3

Where # is an int, these files are example 3x3 matrices mostly generated by
matrix_generator. They are useful for testing your read_add_save.cpp program.

